We are heading into the end of the year and with just a few days remaining, it is a year whose events Kenyans hope will not be repeated. Corruption has threatened to tear the country apart as different camps take sides for or against those accused of benefitting from the vice. Kenya is now heavily indebted and pundits have given shadowy prospects to the country’s economy in the near future. Indeed, David Ndii, the Managing Director of Africa Economics, has cast aspersions on development projects the Jubilee government has prided in for long. The Eurobond saga has become the biggest scandal to rock the Uhuruto government and Ndii says that unless there is a clear trail of the expenditure, then there is a lot more than needs to be done to bring to book all those involved in the scandal. In the article published in the Daily Nation on December 18, 2015, Ndii says, “It has been pointed out that the government has published three different accounts of how the Eurobond flowed into the Budget. Two of the accounts do not exhaustively account for all the monies.” The reason for the publication of more than one book of account means there is a lot that the government is not willing to let on when it comes to the Eurobond proceeds.  Earlier in the month, Kenyans took to social media to complain against the debt that the government kept burdening the country with but little seems to be done to address this unease among citizens. One day children, we decided to elect a duo who looked good in suits and red ties. They studied PR. They got us in a #DebtCrisisKE … — Savvy Kenyan™ (@FredFredomondi) December 11, 2015 As #DebtCrisisKE continues to soar, our options are running out pic.twitter.com/UaSyKMNVXs — Village Boy (@kevanbett) December 9, 2015 uhuruto and their cartels have sold this country to the highest bidder. becoming another #Greece is inevitable. #DebtCrisisKE — Kodero Rabuoche (@kodemora) December 9, 2015 .#DebtCrisisKE from 2016/2017 FY our 3rd of budget will be going to service loans which we hv little to show for it pic.twitter.com/6HqwHkwymM — Dennis maina (@Dennismaina4) December 9, 2015 RT TISAKenya: The standard guage railway SGR which is a project worth 427Billion Increased the public debt by 25% #DebtCrisisKe #NumbersDon… — victor254news (@victor254news) December 9, 2015 And some sense being spoken: If #Ndii wa to run 4 a state position, wud kenyans elect him, NO! he isn’t our tribe! choices have consequences, We elected #DebtCrisisKE — Munene (@hoiipolloi) December 9, 2015 In Kenya today, anyone earning a gross salary of Sh30,000 has to part with close to Sh7,000 in taxes, most of which is wasted by a spendthrift government and bloated workforce with duplication of duties.  And with politicians proving daily they cannot be trusted to be clean when it comes to corruption, the country’s only saviour would be sensible voting to eradicate the political elite who care not for the masses unless it is in terms of votes.