Makueni Children Officer Rasto Omollo has decried the rising number of sexual abuse cases committed against young boys and girls in the county. Omollo said in every two weeks a child related sexual abuse case is reported and attributed the increase to lack of awareness on children rights. Addressing a stakeholder’s forum held on Wednesday at Kwakathoka Agricultural Training Institute, the children officer noted that child sexual abuse was alarming in Kilala, Kaiti and Kathonzweni and underscored the need for relevant stakeholders to collaborate and protect children against the abuse. Omollo also accused parents of sexually abused children of settling cases out of courts with perpetrators of the offences hence making it difficult for victims to receive justice. “Many parents are compromised by those who sexually violate their children while others do not report the cases,” he said. To fight the vice, Omollo disclosed that the children’s department in collaboration with key stakeholders in the county will roll out a program aimed at creating awareness on the need to protect children against sexual abuse cases. “This program will run from the ward up to the county level so that the community can be empowered and enlightened on child protection rights,” he said. The children officer’s sentiments on child abuse comes barely two months after the County Commissioner Pauline Dola raised concerns over the rising number of defilement cases and failure by victims to report the cases for prosecution. Speaking during Mashujaa Day celebrations held in October at Unoa grounds, Makueni County, Dola noted that majority of sexual abuse and domestic violence cases are never reported as the victims fear victimization from the society and perpetrators of the violence. The County Commissioner however called on the victims not to shy away and use existing legal frameworks to pursue justice. The rise of defilement cases in the county is definitely worrying and there is a need for stakeholders to collaborate and put in place proper measures to ensure that children are protected from any form of abuse.