What does Chief Justice Willy Mutunga, activist Boniface Mwangi and Ory Okolloh have in common? Well, in an exhibition that has been ongoing for the past three days along Tom Mboya Avenue in Nairobi, the three personalities have ‘teamed’ up to communicate to Kenyans what being a true hero is. In the exhibition detailing Kenya’s struggles from independence till now, Dr. Mutunga, Mwangi and Okolloh have aroused curiosity and interest going by the numbers flocking the exhibition where the statue of the iconic Tom Mboya stands. The three have their own views of who a hero is with Okolloh saying: Courage by Ory Okolloh #TeamCourage #MashujaaDay pic.twitter.com/EXlJlVX7eP — Boniface Mwangi (@bonifacemwangi) October 20, 2015 Some of the heroes from pre-independence Kenya to those who fought valiantly for the motherland have been carefully cataloged to portray the true essence of being a hero. Some of them were raped, tortured and others had their lives cut short as the country fought to free itself from the stranglehold of slavery under colonialism. Courage takes diverse forms. Courage is both bold and silent. #TeamCourage, just like Kenya, has many forms and faces. — Nanjira (@NiNanjira) October 20, 2015 There are moving pictures of Kenyans from all walks of life who are signing on the board what their acts of courage are and what it would take to propel this country to great heights. A man places his crutches on the ground to write “The current leaders have failed totally. #Teamcourage #MashujaaDay pic.twitter.com/jpnImuRNzp — Morris K. (@Owaahh) October 20, 2015 Mwangi, well known for his unflattering approach to matters human rights abuses, says that the exhibition- #TeamCourage- which closes on November 20 is still looking for images from the 90’s struggle (2nd liberation) which will be put up in the heroes exhibition. #TeamCourage is looking for images from the 90’s struggle (2nd liberation),will put them up in the heroes exhibition pic.twitter.com/aeTWTgjjeb — Boniface Mwangi (@bonifacemwangi) October 20, 2015 #TeamCourage exhibition is going on outside the Kenya National archives,everyday for 24hours till 20th November. pic.twitter.com/n6pfe2arfA — Boniface Mwangi (@bonifacemwangi) October 20, 2015 CJ Mutunga quotes renowned writer Ngugi wa Thiong’o as having described perfectly who a hero is. Who are the heroes and heroines? By Willy Mutunga #TeamCourage #MashujaaDay pic.twitter.com/kdan5ZKXOP — Boniface Mwangi (@bonifacemwangi) October 20, 2015 The exhibition has featured the likes of Mzee Jomo Kenyatta, Oloitiptip, Pio Gama Pinto, Syokimau and others who fought to liberate the country from the colonialists.  The pain is still being felt today. One of those manning the exhibition says that chronicling the events that have marked transitions in the country will give Kenyans a better perspective of how standing up for something can help change the course of the nation. During the launch, organizers said it was for those willing to walk the talk, to be the change they want to see. // Photos from the ongoing #TeamCourage event. Boniface Mwangi has unveiled the upcoming ‘Heroes Project’ and #TeamCourage… Posted by PAWA 254 on Tuesday, 13 October 2015 And when all is said, will Kenyans finally stand and do what needs to be done? A senior banker in the country says that Kenya is an independent minded country but there is a twist he fails to understand when it comes to politics. He decries that the euphoria in politics renders Kenyans to be empty heads even though they consciously choose not to buy endorsed products despite their recycling poorly-performing politicians over and over. Boniface Mwangi, Ory Okolloh and Chief Justice Willy Mutunga have defined who a real hero is. The question is, will Kenyans ever be the heroes they want to see?